All right, so
our mission is to set the document title.
Let's do this in the kind of like
simplest possible way first.
And then we'll kinda look at how
we could refactor a little bit.
So I could say something along
the lines of document.title.
I'll just use, let's say,
Count is this.state.count.
All right, so let's try it out [SOUND].
You see it's count 15.
If I reset it, It goes up with increment.
Now, if we wanna do it for
all three, we don't wanna write
the same function three times.
What we probably want to do is
figure out a way to abstract this.
So, I think I alluded to it before, right?
We could do something like,
update, UpdateDocumentTitle.
Equals this.
Yep, state.count.
We'll have to do the same
thing we did up here,
which we'll do this.updateDocumentTitle,
Bind(this).
Great, and now we'll just put
that in all three places.
Once.
So this was so using the object notation,
but that is totally fine, it will work
either way, we don't have to do
the other just to update document title,
We'll flip back over.
And it's changing along with the,
I didn't do the count this time,
it was just the row number.
Because it's changing as I incremented
as I decrement in both cases.
All right, so that concludes kind
of all of the different kinda
kicking at the tires of
the API of the state.
You can now also put that on your resume
as well, that is not, I don't know,
if that's really gonna
rake in the big bucks.
But you never know, it's worth it.
So, let's talk a little bit more
just some patterns around state.
And then we're gonna dive into how
it differs from hooks a little bit.